Hello i´m the teensy touch D A W

i will help you to make some cool sounds and Songs
I am an easy D I Y Project consisting of
A teensy 4.1
A teensy Audio shield
A TFT Display
4 Encoders
4 jacks
A custom P C B 
A 3d printed housing
some Buttons and diodes
headers
a and some resistors

I have 8sequencer tracks,  the first is dedicated to drums, the others are meant to be played as melodic tracks. These 7 tracks are monophonic.
For each track i give you 8 , sixteenstep sequences. You can arrange the 8tracks, and its Clips, in songmode. 


Lets start by making a drumbeat. Tap the , D, on the leftside , or use , Trackbutton, and button , one, to enter the drumtrack. 
On the left side you can set the desired midi note to be played on this lane.

On the right side you can set one of the 8 sequences and the desired midi channel. 
You can Control a , drummachine,  over u s b , with midi channel 1 to sixteen, or, If the channel is above sixteen you choose one of the internal Plug-ins. 

You can set the active steps with a , touchpen, the Cursor Buttons and , enter button or with the first , 2 encoders. 
To Control with encoders,  move the Cursor with the first two  encoders and hit , enter.
Good.

Now make a first beat.

Very Good.

Hit the playbutton. Haha. 
Hit the stopbutton

You dont hear anything because you havent set the sequence into the songmode. 
Hit song and any other button to enter one of the 16 songmodepages. 

Hit ,song and the ,first button to enter the first page. 
Alternatly you can also hit the , S on the top left.

touch the drumlane  and choose a Clip with the , third encoder.
Good.

Set the Tempo with the , shift and , first encoder.


Hit the playbutton again.
Now you hear your drumbeat boom chuck

If you still dont hear anything try to adjust the Output volume on the first mixer page or  in the plug-in page.

Select one of the , melodic  tracks. or use , Trackbutton, and button, two to 8,  to enter the melodictracks. 
Select an , Octave,  with the Grey arrow Buttons on the Right or use , shift and the , first encoder.
Set your notes on the grid.
To listen to the sequence, go to songmode and set your Arrangement there.
Repeat this for the other tracks.
Isnt that easy.

Each rectangle stands for one bar, you can Play up to twohundredfiftysix bars with me. 
Each bar can hold the values for, Clipnumber, Note Offset, Preset number, volume.

You can either play the whole arrangement, or , play a desired area as loop.
Turn the, third, encoder to set the start of the loop.
Turn the, fourth, encoder to set the end of the loop.

If you hit Save or, L  in songmode  it will save or load the whole project.
In, any other page, you save or, load the respective content. 
Isnt that awesome?

If the track channel is above 16, you have choosen one of the internal Plug-ins hit , Plug-in and one of the 8 track buttons where the plugin is loaded to see the plug-ins page. 
Here you can Change several Parameters for Sound Control. 
Some plug-ins have several pages. 

If the track channel is below 17, i have 16 midi cc controllers. Set the controller number by pressing the, enter button,  and the equivalent encoder.
The controls of each row is automatically assigned to the 4 encoders.
Hit , row button, or touch the desired row, to remap the encoders to the new row.

If a track is to loud, hit the Grey ,M or press ,Mixer plus button , 1 to 3
The first page controls the Volume of the tracks plug-in or the Velocity of the sent midi notes and set the mute and solo states.
Mixerpage 2 and 3 gives you Control over the effects for the internal Plug-ins.

At the Moment i can play 9 instruments.
A Chord Plug-in
A raw file drumplayer
A one oscillator synthvoice
A Memoryflash drumplayer
A raw file sampleplayer
A second raw file sampleplayer
A drumengine with 8 different synthesis
A one oscillator synthvoice with a Special filter
A string Emulation with various effects
For each Plug-in i can remember up to 8 different presets.

I will make your music shine with these 3 effects
A Reverb
A Bitcrusher
A Delay

Connect a midi Keyboard to the usb host port to Play the plug-ins directly.
The midi channel on your Keyboard connects to the correlating tracknumber, so channel ,one selects the drumtrack. channel , 8 selects the last track.
While the sequencer is running, you can either Play along your arrangement, or, by Pressing , rec,  record the sixteen step sequence into last selected Clip.


I Always listen to you, at least if you want me to.
Press the ,sample, button to enter the Audio Recorder. 
Choose a Raw file to overwrite, set a good volume Ratio, Plug in any line source into the , Audio in jack, press listen and boom you hear your favourite synth. hit the , record, button once to start recording immediately and , again to stop the process. 
You may want to load a , raw sampler plug-in, into one of the tracks. load the file and Play it instantly on your Keyboard and, pow wow.

I am completly open source and also Beginners will be able to read , understand and add new Plug-ins to my code. Please refer to the Manual inside my Sketch for further informations. 
All documents are on my creators Github. 
There is also a Discord Server, where you can talk to me and my creator. 
The Links are below in the description.
I hope to meet many new people. You can just Play with me, add custom plug-ins or add new functionalitys. 

Thanks to Paul Stoffregen and his immense efforts for the teensy community
Thanks to Newdigate´s Teensy Variable Playback and flashloader library
Thanks to the many other creators whose libraries I am reading
And the most thanks goes to doc tea as a personal Mentor for my creator.
without him I would not have such a nice voice  or even be alive
More informations About him are in the descriptions

Now go and build me